FERRIS (on speaker):
Don’t underestimate Bryan.
He must be valuable.
But he’s had his own troubles.
Maddox pulled him out of an
M.P. prison in Afghanistan.
When I was in Surobi,
I destroyed families.
-BRYAN: Garcia.
-GARCIA: You’re still
taking the injections.
BRYAN:
When they send them to me.
GEORGE:
I need to build
a device to track
a very dangerous piece
of Debris.
I need Zarkari’s files.
FINOLA:
I know what grief can do
to a person...
how it makes you feel alone.
BRYAN:
I know from experience.
Everyone’s got a past, Bryan.
I can’t help but wonder
who was in the picture
you were looking at.
-FINOLA: Hey!
-BRYAN: Another time.
(device scanning)
Are you reading this?
Close to maxed.
It’s not just me.
Never seen a signal
like this.
It’s peaking.
No one get closer.
We can go in with Vector Twos.
We don’t know
that will be safe, either.
Just bring me one.
You’d prefer a civilian
find this piece?
We don’t have a choice.
If I’m not back in ten minutes,
quarantine the area.
(device scanning)
MAN: This is Hazmat Team Four.
We’re onsite and seeing Laghari
readings in excess of 700.
(device scanning intensifies)
(device scanning)
What are you doing here?
(device scanning intensifies)
Bryan Beneventi.
* (theme)
FINOLA: Oh, my God!
It’s everywhere! Everywhere!
I spy with my little eye
somebody who’s, like, very--
-very grumpy.
-Yeah.
I just don’t understand.
Just help me understand
why you’re even balancing it
on a dashboard.
It’s a pothole.
Potholes are unforeseeable.
-It’s why they
call them potholes.
-I foresee them. I foresee them.
Now here I am.
I’m gonna smell like mint chip.
-Macchiato. Sorry.
-Macchiato? What? I--
I’m sorry, okay?
Please accept my apology.
-I’m trying.
-You looking for
another coffee shop?
-Yeah.
-If you are,
I’d like a caramel Frappuccino.
I’m calling Garcia
to find out about my dad,
and you really need
to quit with the sugar.
-Pump three, please.
-(phone ringing)
And, uh, would you happen
to sell aluminium foil?
-Aluminum foil?
-Yes.
-No, we don’t. Sorry.
-(ringing continues)
-I think that’s you.
-Oh! Oh!
-Oh! Thank you.
-Yeah.
-GEORGE: Yes.
-Dad?
Hello, sweetheart.
How are you?
Yeah, fine.
We’re headed back to you.
Why are you answering
Garcia’s phone?
Garcia lent me his van
and his phone.
I’m at a petrol station--
Why are you at a petrol station?
I’m on my way to the--
the antennas.
Antennas?
Yes. The antenna fields
in Virginia.
So you’re telling me that you
were driving all the way from
Oregon to Virginia alone?
I’ll be fine. I need a way to--
to boost the scanner signal
once I’m done.
You’re asking
a lot of questions.
And I can’t concentrate.
I’ve got a lot on my plate.
Please don’t worry.
I’m perfectly capable.
Okay.
Finola,
you have to get
the Laghari files
to me as soon as possible.
Yep. I’m working on that.
And I’m gonna speak
to Ferris, okay?
Well, I’ll contact you
once I’m there.
Okay.
-(phone vibrates)
-FINOLA: Oh, my God.
-Yeah.
-It’s Tom.
You need to come to Cedarville,
Maryland, right away.
Okay. Why?
We found a woman out here
affected by Debris,
and she asked for you.
What do you mean?
She’s asking for you by name.
She just keeps saying
your name.
Didn’t see an order
come through for this.
I could have it ready for you.
Come on,
you know how these things go.
It was a last-minute thing.
I just gotta run some tests.
It could help me with
a new piece we just found.
Thanks, Kelso.
-Check these readings.
-Uh-huh.
-Tom.
-Around nine A.M.,
satellite scan picked up
disturbances in the atmosphere--
When the Situation Team arrived,
they found her here waiting
for them.
You ever see her before?
-No.
-Who is she?
Mariel Caldwell,
a local high school teacher.
Wildlife preserve camera
picked her up on a hiking
trail just south of here.
But check this out.
We don’t know where
that shimmer came from,
but it disappeared
when it reached her.
BRYAN:
Seems like it’s following her.
We have a team searching
the area for Debris.
-She didn’t say anything else?
-No.
She just keeps repeating
your name.
-Where is she now?
-Where we found her.
BRYAN:
Hi.
Your name is Mariel?
You’re asking for Bryan--
Bryan Beneventi.
I’m Bryan Beneventi.
How do you know my name?
You said my name.
How do you know me?
(stammering)
Surobi.
The A01 Highway.
Surobi?
Are you talking about
Surobi, Afghanistan?
It’s in my brown paper folder.
It’s moon dust everywhere.
Birds are coming in.
What does that mean?
What is she talking about?
Afghanistan.
Movie night after Dee-Fack.
I hate movie night.
Dust-- Dust-- Dust--
Dustoff... Inbound.
FINOLA:
What’s going on?
Do you understand
what she’s talking about?
MARIEL:
Watch your flank, Frenchie.
-Yes.
-MARIEL: I got your six.
Somehow, this woman knows
things about my life.
She’s reading at zero now.
Whatever happened is over.
(sighs)
Mariel, how do you know me?
Where did you hear my name?
(whispering, indistinct)
Let’s do a sweep
two kilometers to the west.
It never ends around this place.
How do you know parts
of my life?
Jensen. Jensen!
How are you doing that?
I’m gonna miss you
when you’re gone...
Bryan.
What does that mean?
I’m gonna miss you
when you’re gone.
Bryan.
That’s the last thing
that my mother said to me
before I deployed
to Afghanistan.
This woman is repeating
conversations from my life.
Please verify there is no ACM
in that area, Frenchie.
Beneventi, stand back.
They’re firing even closer
to us right now.
If you do that,
then we’ll get along very well.
Very, very, very well.
FINOLA:
Hey!
(wind blowing)
(Mariel whispering, indistinct)
Everything okay?
(wind intensifies)
Yeah.
Yeah, all good.
-FINOLA: Bryan!
-We need help in here!
Hey. Bryan.
Bryan, can you see me?
WOMAN:
He’s not responding!
Get him to the scan room!
-What did you do to him?
-(muttering)
What did you do?
Guess you got a new goal
to aspire to.
Bryan! Listen to me!
Can you hear me? Can you see me?
Look at me!
Y’all done with
this water bottle?
On Valentine’s Day,
that’s tough, Frenchie.
LEBLANC:
Yeah, tell me about it.
BRYAN:
We loaded, fellas?
-Yep.
-Yeah, good to go, Benny.
Hey, hey, hey, Frenchie, wait.
-(laughter)
-Yo! Who in the hell?
-Bro, that is definitely my bad.
-That was nasty, Jensen.
I am definitely gonna
being paying
your mother a visit for this
when I get home.
She’s lonely,
she’s not that lonely.
Benny, Colonel Kellogg
is en route for a visit.
Advance plan op board has just
been posted.
Command finally approves
an op, huh?
Thank you, Sergeant.
So Colonel’s coming in
to brief us up personally.
Look at that.
We made the big leagues, boys.
(chuckles)
Thank God.
It’s a little late here
to make a difference.
-Fun times.
-Yeah.
Oxygen 50,
pressure 210 over 100.
-Pulse 120.
-Nystagmus.
-Agonal breathing, diaphoretic.
-What is happening?
He’s having an idiopathic
neurological event.
We’re doing all we can.
-(phone vibrating)
-Yeah. We’re still searching.
FINOLA:
The Debris has to be somewhere
out there. It has to be.
The shimmer came from somewhere.
There’s some sort of connection
between them.
We have to disable
the Debris in order
to break its hold on Mariel
and her link to Bryan.
I understand that,
but we’re not getting
anything here.
No signatures. And there’s
about a thousand acres
to cover.
Okay. I’ve got some more agents
on the way to you now.
Keep me posted.
What have you got?
Her heart rate
is matching Bryan’s.
Blood pressure, oxygen levels,
all match.
So these are the MGRS
coordinates.
Four. Two. Sierra.
MGRS...
-That’s the Military Grid
Reference System.
-Yeah.
Eight-five.
MARIEL:
That’s not very far from here.
FINOLA:
It’s Surobi again.
Same old recon until
the colonel gets here.
It’s your chance to show command
that you’re leadership material.
Don’t forget us
when you’re at the top.
Set up for me to fail.
"Heightened threat of Taliban
attacks from the mountains."
It’s always the case
in this country.
Exactly.
So why even bother sending that?
Semper Gumby.
BRYAN: That boy over there?
I’ve never seen him before.
Who is he? Why is he here?
I’ve seen him around.
His dad runs a new shop
by the entrance.
-You didn’t read the flyer?
-He can’t read.
-What, you think he’s a bomber?
-LEBLANC: He’s just a kid, man.
I’ve learned the hard way.
-Nelson, go check
it out, please.
-All right.
Benny, we found that girl
that was injured on the last op.
I’m taking her to get her hand
checked out.
BRYAN:
Thanks.
JENSEN:
Heightened threat, my ass.
Taliban haven’t come
through here in weeks.
That doesn’t mean anything.
If command thinks there’s
an increased Taliban presence,
I trust it.
You’re too trusting, Nelson.
They get it wrong, too.
Far too often.
Yeah, well, I’d rather not be
the one who winds up dead.
Just do your job.
They want more recon,
we’ll give them more recon.
-(Asalah shouts
in native language)
-(rifles cock)
(Asalah continues
in native language)
-Stay alert.
-Copy that.
WOMAN (on speaker):
Bravo Company, you are
cleared in Sector Nine.
-You speak English?
-Yes.
You’re the one who saved me.
-What’s your name?
-Asalah.
My name is Bryan.
It’s too dangerous for you
to be out here alone.
Bryan, my Baba...
my grandfather...
I don’t want him to be killed.
I know you’re looking for
a bad man in the village,
but he is not a bad man.
He’s a good man.
Where are your parents?
I’ve been separated from them.
And my brother.
My Baba said they’re
not able to travel back,
so he’s all I have left.
Your grandfather is a good man.
Right? Okay.
He has nothing to worry about.
We’re not here to hurt anybody.
Does that make sense?
Sometimes we stop outside
the base.
I like the music
they play there.
Music is ghazairoo.
Ghazairoo?
I don’t know what that means.
Food for soul.
Your grandfather’s
gonna be safe, Asalah.
MAN (on radio):
This is Bravo Company
over in Sector Nine.
Possible insurgents sighted.
Could use an extra patrol
over here.
Hey, Miller wants to know
if we want to meet his unit
in Sector Nine.
What’s he looking to hit
a home run today?
Yeah, he really wants
to hit all the bases.
Sometimes you just
gotta home run for it.
It’s really messed up, Jensen.
Well, I’m not gonna let Miller
get all that glory, Beneventi.
Let’s roll.
Where are we at?
His condition’s
nowhere near stable.
His heart rate’s dropping.
We tried everything to stop it.
We have no idea
what she’s doing to him.
How does she know
these things about him?
Where does she get
this information?
We’re still not sure.
It’s been relatively quiet
in the region.
What did the shimmer look like?
Nothing. It was the usual
prismatic appearance,
nothing different than
normal shine attributes.
The first thing she mentioned
was a village in Afghanistan.
Surobi.
Bryan knew what she meant.
It’s as if she’s recounting,
um...
an experience he had there.
Why do you think that?
She’s using
military terminology,
listing coordinates.
It just sounds like she’s
reciting conversations he’s had.
Bryan, welcome
to Operation Desert Falcon.
FINOLA:
Desert Falcon?
Have you heard of that before?
MARIEL:
...intel that
a high-value target
has arrived in the region--
Al-Malik.
Yeah. I recognize
what she’s saying.
MARIEL:
One of the Taliban’s
top commanders in Nangarhar.
We cannot allow him to expand
his hold in Surobi.
This was your real mission.
This was a very important
mission to Bryan...
for many reasons.
This is a jackpot target.
Al-Malik’s fighters are hiding
among the locals.
Your orders are to identify
any Taliban laying low here
and to capture Al-Malik should
you come across him.
This won’t be an easy task.
But I know I am surrounded
by the most capable men
in all of Afghanistan.
Yeah. So they tell me.
We’ll get it done, boys.
-Right?
-(all affirm)
"Won’t be an easy task?"
Understatement of the century.
These guys are armed
to the teeth by the Iranians.
Beneventi, a word.
Relax, gentlemen.
Congratulations on making
commanding officer.
That’s badass.
Thanks, Benny.
Both come a long way
since that last tour.
Yes, sir.
So... what do you think
about this op?
No joke.
We’re gonna pull it off.
Great.
I need there to be
a positive result out of this.
Yeah. No fail missions.
You’re looking a lot better
than the last time I saw you.
You’re in good hands here.
Keep me up to date?
-This is him.
-Asalah, what
are you doing here?
They’re taking my stitches out
soon.
Sit down.
How did you learn English?
My grandfather,
he was a doctor in Kabul.
He could speak five languages.
I want to go to America one day,
so I have to be better
before then.
Well, you speak it
very well already.
I want to be able
to play piano there,
but my brother says
I’ll never be good enough.
(chuckles)
Have you ever heard
of Elton John?
-No.
-No?
Elton John is a...
very famous musician.
Plays the piano.
-* ("Benny and the Jets"
by Elton John plays)
-Here.
* She’s got electric boots,
a mohair suit *
* You know I read it
in a magazine, ohh-oh *
* B-B-B Benny and the Jets *
Wears weird sunglasses,
even when he’s indoors.
So we might have
to get you a pair of those.
* Hey kids,
plug into the faithless *
* Maybe they’re blinded *
* But Bennie makes
them ageless *
* We shall survive *
-It’s beautiful.
-* Let us take
ourselves along *
-I want to learn how to play it.
-Yeah, me too.
* Where we fight our parents
out in the streets *
* To find who’s right
and who’s wrong *
The only piano I know of here
is 40 kilometers away.
I’m not allowed to go over there
because of the conflicts.
Hopefully, I will be able to
when the conflict is over.
Yeah.
Once the conflict is over.
You don’t think it’ll be over?
It’s complex.
I think what we’re doing here is
for all the right reasons,
but sometimes good intentions
go wrong.
Solais possible always.
Solais peace, right?
Bryan, can I make you a deal?
You want to make me a deal?
Yeah. Go ahead.
Make me a deal. Shoot.
I will help you find
the Taliban in the village,
show you where they are.
No, it’s not the sort of help
that we need.
Promise me-- Please promise me
nothing will happen to my Baba.
Oh, we’re going to look
after him, but you don’t
need to do anything.
I want to help.
It’s too dangerous.
That’s why we’re here.
I need my Baba to be safe.
I understand that.
Promise?
(exhales)
I promise you,
but stay out of this.
Thank you.
-Still at it?
-Reports are coming in
that Al-Malik is only in Surobi
temporarily to resupply.
-That’s great for us.
-No.
That means there’ll be
out of reach of our operation.
-Beneventi?
-Yeah.
Keep a better eye
on your stuff.
Where did you get this?
The Afghan girl you were
speaking to earlier
in the medical tent?
-Yeah.
-Said she found it
on the ground.
(Bryan whistles)
LEBLANC: What?
Hot damn.
That’s Al-Malik.
FINOLA:
They’ve tried everything.
They still don’t know
what’s happening.
Nothing’s working.
Why Bryan? Why him?
Why was this woman asking
for him specifically?
You remember there was
a piece of Debris
that cloned him
back in Pennsylvania.
You think this is related
to that?
I mean, I am not positive,
but in order to clone him,
the Debris had to have access
to his memories,
and maybe--
maybe at that moment,
his memories just shutter
around every piece of Debris.
And if I am right...
his information was part
of the Debris
that Mariel Caldwell
came into contact with.
Wait a minute,
you’re saying that, what,
that the Debris pieces could be
communicating with each other?
I mean, Laghari himself
speculated
that the Debris uses
the spectrum to communicate,
so is this this really
that far-fetched?
Okay, so you’re basically
saying that Brian’s memory
was backed up into
some sort of a network
that the Debris
is all connected to?
Right.
Everything in our world
is connected.
Why wouldn’t theirs be too?
But why this mission
specifically?
I don’t know.
The Debris read you too,
back in Kansas.
I suppose it did.
Well, if I’m right,
the Debris holds pieces of me
in it’s network too.
-(phone vibrating, beeps)
-Go ahead.
Yeah, we found the Debris
just off one of the trails.
I’m sending you the images
right now.
FINOLA:
Well, shut it down.
See that’s the thing.
It is shut down.
When we found it,
it was barely
registering at .006.
It’s dead.
Has anything changed there?
No. But we saw the shimmer
following her.
And then it disappeared.
It must be part of her now.
Okay, let me call you back.
I think we should try
what you suggested.
What did you suggest?
We could try to reset his brain.
Reboot him.
Electroconvulsive therapy.
Maybe we can disrupt
the connection she has
over him that way.
All right.
Tell me what you need.
Okay.
When was the last time
he had his injection?
Is that what you think
drew it to him?
I’m not so sure.
We just sent him one.
I’ve been monitoring
his blood work for any markers.
They might be losing
their effectiveness.
If he gets out of this,
I want you to up the dosage.
BRYAN:
Asalah!
Believe me now?
It’s one of the bravest things
I have ever seen,
but it is too dangerous.
-You can’t do that.
-You want my country to be free?
-Yes.
-So do I.
We’re all the same--
America, Afghanistan.
Different countries.
But good men are good men,
and bad men are bad men.
I agree with that.
Most people around here--
Don’t see it that way.
I cannot lose my grandfather.
He’s all that I have
to hold on to.
ASALAH: You’ve no idea
how important that is.
And I tried to be brave,
but it is hard to keep hope.
I don’t know how much longer
I can do it without him.
And you have no idea how much
I understand that.
I will not fail you.
I promise you,Asalah.
-ORBITAL TECH:
The doctor’s ready.
-FINOLA: Thank you.
Still no response.
It’s the only thing we can do.
Okay.
(electricity surging)
BRYAN: He’s in Surobi.
Those were taken just
a few hours ago.
I don’t wanna know
how you got these.
From what we understand,
they are mostly centralized
in these homes right here,
just off the village square.
-(scream)
-(electricity crackles)
(gasps)
-If we enter--
-From the--
(Mariel gasps)
Come on.
That’ll leave you exposed
along the mountainside.
But when at night,
use darkness for cover.
Come on.
(electricity crackles)
Maddox.
Now, how do you know my name?
(power charging)
(electricity crackling)
-But that will leave you--
-Exposed along the mountainside.
But when at night,
use darkness as cover.
Good work.
We go in tonight.
Yeah, your plan is smart.
Plus we finally have some
usable photos we can I.D.
these guys with.
I’ve been watching you
for a while, Bryan,
I’ve been really impressed
with your accomplishments.
Good luck tonight.
Thank you, sir.
Man, this war
is wearing me down.
Just so easy to forget anything
we’re doing here matters at all.
Everything we’re
doing here matters.
When I joined I thought
we could change the world.
That’s what I thought.
We can.
We’ll see how you feel out there
a couple of more tours.
Look, every war has
its challenges, bro.
Is this about that villager
on the road?
She asked me to protect
her family.
I want to do that.
I want to prove to her
that we can make sense
of this world.
We’re out here to protect
a lot more than one family.
(sighs)
Oh, man.
(sniffs)
She has so much hope.
I wanna protect that.
Oh, man, I need to protect that.
Been a long time since
I thought things could
be good.
Asalah, hey, Asalah.
You need to go home and take
your grandfather to safety...
up to the mountains
and not look back.
Will you find us out there?
Hide by the road that leads
to Jegdalay, where we spoke.
I’ll come check on you after.
The important part
is that you disappear.
That is the best way
that I can ensure your safety,
and your grandfather’s.
Thank you.
I’ve been wondering about
what you said to me earlier,
you told me you know
what it’s like to keep hope,
to have something to hold onto.
I was wondering what
that is for you.
Get your Baba to safety.
(electricity crackles)
From what I understand,
they’re mainly centralized
in these homes
off the village square.
Please, Bryan.
Please, just wake up.
MARIEL:
We’re trapping Al-Malik
from the north and south.
(electricity crackles)
Move it.
(speaking Pashto)
NELSON (on speaker):
All stations,
troops in contact!
We are under fire.
Repeat--
-Contact.
-(gunfire in distance)
Reloading.
Lay down some hate, Frenchie!
Decided to show up?
Get Frenchie in!
Frenchie!
Frag out!
(groans)
Hey. Don’t move.
Cease-fire! Cease-fire!
I know what’s gonna happen here.
I know what’s gonna happen.
What are you talking about?
Get down.
I have to stop it.
(wind blowing)
(whispers)
I have to stop it.
Why?
Why did you make me
go through this again?
Why me?
(electricity crackles)
(gasping)
Bryan! Bryan!
You’re okay.
Hey.
Mariel...
I need to see her.
-I need to see her.
-Okay. Yeah.
GOLDMAN:
She’s dead.
Hey, I know about Asalah.
You’re okay.
he told me that Asalah heard
that we were gonna be ambushed,
and...
and she was so worried
that I would think
that she had betrayed me...
...that she came back
to the village to warn me.
So the next night,
we went up into the mountains
with my unit on a follow-on op
to see if we could find
any of the Taliban that
might have escaped.
Sure enough, we found some
of them hiding in a cave.
So I took revenge.
I didn’t know at the time
that that was a different
group of insurgents,
protected group team
not to be touched,
because of some ongoing
CIA operation.
And is that why
you were in prison?
And I probably still would be
if Maddox hadn’t have pulled
me out.
They were going to charge me
with a war crime.
Here.
Thank you.
I don’t carry this
so that I can remember her.
I carry it so I don’t forget
what it’s like to invest
in something that I can lose.
Can you remember anything else
about your experience?
Why it happened?
I don’t think it was over
when you pulled me out.
I asked her why I had to relive
that-- that memory.
It showed you for a reason.
It felt like that.
I think all of the Debris
may be connected.
What?
I think the Debris
is experiencing us
the same way that
we’re experiencing it.
I agree.
(phone vibrates)
(sighs)
Ferris just sent me
the Laghari files.
Hey, are you going to be okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, I’m gonna go
and call my dad.
Thank you.
(machine whirring)
I decided to start with
doubling your dose, all right?
What happened to me had nothing
to do with the injections not
working.
We have to cover all of
our bases and make sure.
I wish you hadn’t
have stopped it.
I could have learned more.
Hey, you might not have
survived.
It was too much for her system.
You happened to be a little
stronger, that’s all.
But you were almost there.
So I don’t know why
this happened to you.
I just know that I don’t want it
to happen again.
As far as I know,
you’re the only person
Debris has ever sought out.
DAHKEYA: It all began when
the Black Water Grandfather
threw his energy
to the four directions.
To the east, he laid black metal
in the earth.
To the south, blue metal.
To the west, yellow metal.
And to the north, white metal.
In the next phase,
Black Water Grandfather
threw black wind
towards the earth.
MAN: We have found
Agent Beneventi. Over.
(beep)
Repeat.
We’ve found Agent Beneventi.
(beep)
WOMAN:
He’s in a state of confusion.
There’s a laceration
on his chin
and a wound on his upper chest.
(beep)
MAN:
What the hell happened
to these men?
(beep)